c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Gestion de Vente.exe.config
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion de Vente.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion de Vente.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Gestion de Vente.exe
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Gestion de Vente.pdb
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForm.BunifuShadowPanel.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\ZstdNet.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForm.BunifuShadowPanel.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion de Vente.csproj.Gestion de Vente.exe.config
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.principal.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion de Vente.exe
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion de Vente.pdb
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPictureBox.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPictureBox.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTransition.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTransition.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.client.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDataGridView.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextbox.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDataGridView.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextbox.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.ajout_modif_client.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.produit.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.ajout_modif_produit.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDropdown.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDropdown.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.ajout_modif_commande.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.commande.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDatePicker.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDatePicker.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuFormDock.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuFormDock.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.loginForm.resources
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPages.dll
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPages.xml
c:\users\antsivaniaina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gestion de Vente\Gestion de Vente\obj\Debug\Gestion_de_Vente.form.utilisateur.resources
